['Kudos to the director and actors of the movie "The Kashmir Files".Salute to the guts, for making such a heart-touching movie on Kashmiri Hindus and showing the Truth about their Genocide and Exodus from their Land i.e. Kashmir.', 'This movie will open some hidden stories that was never told to public. The pain Kashmiri Pandits went through during a planned exodus of Hindus, Sikhs and hindu Dalits from Kashmir. There was so much brutality against them but almost no one cared. Government was literally sleeping that time and Indian army hands were tied. No one came to their rescue when their children were raped and brutally murdered in front of their eyes. A must watch movie for all Indians.', "It is one of those movies which will definitely make you cry and angry. You would realize a dark truth was hidden in our own history for so long and we didn't care for it.Awesome performances 🙏", "My mind and heart was freezed once I came out from theatre. This has happened in India when we are in sleep and still we are in deep sleep. This movie definitely a big slap for all librandu. They never show and hide this genocide. Hands off to the team. From my Word, i can't described my feeling. But still I have pain. Once again thank to all and please support this real true story. My best wishes.", "This is more than a film!Do watch it. Every Indian must know the true story of the 1990 genocide in Kashmir.Just watched with friends,movie was too good. But it is only for person with some good understanding of what's happening in India especially Urban naxalism, Jnu agenda,Kashmir. Superb 10/10.", 'Perfectly depicted pains and suffering of Kashmiri Hindus. If this movie doesn\'t bags an OSCAR. And if this movie doesn\'t sweeps all the national awards. Then, there is definitely injustice everywhere, something is wrong with people who get to decide which movie should get OSCAR or any other award.Ukrainians at least have their president and their army to fight for them, and entire Europe and US is supplying them with weapons, financial & medical aid etc, they are also sanctioning Russia to stop their invasion, but "KASHMIRI HINDUS HAD NO ONE, THEY HAD NO SUPPORT OR HELP OF ANYKIND FROM ANYONE". They were not invaded for their country related politics. That is still logical and one can understand why 2 countries fight over security concerns or due to diplomatic reasons. Kashmiri Hindus, were just killed and raped and massacred just because they were Hindu. Please don\'t ignore this issue or this movie because you are a White or of a different Race or not a Hindu or not an Indian, this movie is made to bring a Change. This movie is made for the sake of Humanity. If "Schindler\'s List" deserves an OSCAR, this movie deserves it equivalently as well. Whole world should know what happened in Kashmir with Hindus. The Hindu population which was forced to leave Kashmir was somewhat close to population of a small European country. And, no one from the Indian government to United Nations, came forward to help these people.All the artists in this movie have given outstanding performances, background music gives goosebumps. Please go watch this movie in theaters, promote this movie and promote the culture of speaking truth in the society and stand with people who stand with the truth.', 'Best movie of the year no doubt They should make this movie available in all India theatres So that everyone can watch it , every one need to know what really happened in Kashmir.', 'Such a painful incident happen in the Independent indian history is this how democracy work that time very sad and painful am feeling very helpful and at the same time am angry at this system !!Kashmiri Pandits Get back their home soon.', "If u want to know about history watch this film. If u want to know about the future watch it twice.Well made . Casting & direction everything top notch . Brilliant execution. Please do watch . Don't fall for the propaganda.", 'Finally a brave endeavor by profile in courage from director producers of india. This story buried in secularism and politics for 30 yrs. Is out in the open. The film based on true characters is a well told movie. It should be seen by every person that calls themselves HUMAN. A genocide in slow motion by invaders converting hordes.', 'Finally a movie director with the guts to show truth without watering it down to appease a certain cult. Highly recommended for all age groups to learn from our history and to never allow it to be repeated again. Although I commend the resilience of Hindus not taking up arms, I think this is a good lesson that it is important to protect yourself if you do not want to perish like Persians/Zoroastrians/ancient Egyptians and tens of other communities that perished when a certain cult attacked them.', 'Brutal disturbing truth of Kasmiri hindu genocide not told yet by anybody. This is biggest, true story, fact based movie. All cast performance was awesome, great acting. Direction, screenplay, music is best of all. Every person around the world should watch this to get aware about the islamic terrorism all around the world to stop this cult which is greatest threat for all human beings.', '*This movie deserves every awards.*The movie shows how Kashmiri Hindus were thrown out of their own homes and are refugees in their own country.The sad part is, those people are still suffering and needs help.', "For me The Kashmir Files has to be the most hard hitting film I have ever seen in my entire life. Watch it only if you have the courage to see the truth. Vivek Agnihotri has made a phenomenal film, his career best. Anupam Kher has given the performance of his life. Hat's off to the entire team!", "Just watched The Kashmir Files on big screen. Feeling numb, speechless and completely immersed in agony and tears. Don't watch it unless you have a very strong heart. Thats Masterpiece.", "A top notch movie, It's hard hitting, Reality of Kashmir. Every scenes in the movie touches each and every indian. Being hindu I can not digest, I felt like to scream in some scenes, A must watch for all Hindus to see how terrorists were treated Brahmins in Kashmir. Each and every character stays in your mind after watching the movie. Anupam kher deserves some awards for his great performance in this movie. I did not feel like it's a movie it's a real painful story. I am highly recommend everyone to watch this movie. We cannot digest the last scene of the movie. Go and watch without miss.", 'The Story Is Truely Plot On Massacred Of Kashmiri Hindus. They Are Living In Their own Country As A Refugee. They Film Shows How Big University Like Jnu make A space For anti India naratives. Acting Skill Of Anupam Kher And The other Talented Actors Were Fabulous.', "I had high expectations from this movie from start but this was 100 times better than I thought. No one can miss this one it's a crime. It's right to know truth in our history. Acting of all actors was top notch and anupam kher will definitely make u choke in theatre. Pallavi joshi and Darshan did equally amazing job. The last monologue will go down in the history of indian cinema. This film is the watershed moment in indian cinema now only corrective narrative will be supported by public... Jai hind vande mataram.", "Everyone should watch this film it shows the reality which has never been told by anyone. Just the truth, These kind of movies should be promoted by everyone. MUST WATCH MOVIE. It's the untold story on pilght of hindus, Sikhs, Jains.", 'We should have known all this before in hand but the pity is that Indian politics ecosystem and movie mafia has kept it hidden from all citizens.Each and every individuals should watch this movie to know the injustice done to hindus.', "One of the biggest genocides commited in history of the world the suppressed history of 1990s I'm speechless so so powerful. 32 years in exiles kashmiri hindu voice has been consistently silenced and the movie will take you on the rollercoaster of emotions.", 'All the truth being shown in this movie about kashmiri pandit... All actor did very real acting as per character... Awesome👏👍 ❤... I request all the people to go and watch the movie then you will be known that what is reality of kashmiri pandit.. What had happened in past days with all these innocent hindu in kashmir.', 'No words, I travelled 300 km to watch this movie, As my placed me in remote location.Such mind blowing film keep you glued to the seat, very well made as well as directed film.Film keeps actual facts in front without moulding story.Hats off to director Vivek ji, cast & all team.', 'It was not an exodus, it was a genocide.#TheKashmirFiles is not just a movie but a way to connect the pain of Kashmiri Pandits Director Vivek Agnihotri sir made us felt the pain & suffering of Kashmiri Pandits.A MUST watch movie.', "It's a masterstroke by Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri saab. He proved that it doesn't matter whether your budget is strong or not, if you believe in your work and if you've worked hard on it, it will definitely reach the audience and the same thing is happening today. This movie is not made for OTT, but only and only for theatres. This movie shook me from inside. My rating is 10/10."]